rate limit (#585)
neo4j/docs-aura: modules/ROOT/pages/platform/api/overview.adoc

In the event of `5xx` server error responses, you may consider retrying the request after a delay if it is safe to do so.
The response may include a `Retry-After` header with a suggestion of a suitable minimum delay before attempting to retry.

> The global rate limit for all requests is 15 requests per hour.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The global rate limit for all requests is 125 requests per minute.
```

Reviewer: Needs to be reversed
